# XIDT
ID-less transactions

3. ID-less Transactions XIDT

i) Concerning ID-less transactions, how I can create a new type of blockchain based on ID-less transactions.Here are some notes about my current plan:•ID-less transactions: recruit collaborators (volunteer or incentivized) online.•Need to set up and test message relay ABCDA so that A knows message has arrived at D.•Use temporary user ID TUID for convenient short hand, usable amongst small cluster, record changes of key pairs, like blockchain, may change tuid too. Conventional user ID CUID cannot be changed. TUID can.The chain of key pairs and TUID by a user can be used to uniquely identify a user, similar to blockchain, but more flexible and fundamental.This is for international money transfer using multiple currencies including cryptocurrencies, also can be used for online tipping.This leads to a novel and interesting mode of identification -- asymmetric identification: The owner of the chain of public and private key pairs and temporary user ID may confess he is the owner; However, third parties including law enforcement agencies CANNOT prove the owner's identity.I believe this is an unprecedented invention in the history of laws, finance and computing, and would have huge consequences in many areas of human activities.On the other hand, much like conventional blockchain hardware wallet, the owner of the device thatkeeps the chain of key pairs (public and private) and TUID may claim the identity.All messages should be in json with TIME and TUID.A should broadcast his country and bank name, and B recipient's country and bank name.Agents can recognize A and B by TUID (I_AM) and PBK history.ii) Introduce guarantor between 2parties. e.g. A G C, C G D, D G B.•Recipient must deposit amount greater than received funds with guarantor, in case of default.•Creating markets for guarantors and agents.•Breaking down conventional roles that can only be performed by institutions to individual. Greater competition. Lower costs.Agents and guarantors can build up track records without revealing identity. Each may have multiple identities, just like one person own many companies. Identity is defined by chain of TUID and key pairs.Guarantor can be registered companies in offshore territories.

To consumers, emphasize ability to track agents despite being ID-less. They want reputation and foolproof. Just like shared economy app, users can become agents easily in XIDT. Hence its vitalityto 
